= confucious

I found myself duplicating this code, so I wrote it into a gem (named: `confucious`). 

This is an `incredibly` simple gem with only a few lines of code and a few helpers to help define a configuration for a class.

== Usage

    class MyClass
      include Confucious
      
      configuration do
        property :a, :default => "a_default"
        property :no_default
      end
    end
    
The `property` method uses the same syntax as the [Hashie::Dash](http://github.com/intridea/hashie) gem uses ('cause that's how the config object is used, anyway). 

To configure in use:

    MyClass.configure do |c|
      c.a = "new value for a"
    end

Then the `MyClass` that included the module has a magic method called `config`. This `config` method will contain the configuration options available at runtime. Pretty easy.

    MyClass.new.config.a # new value for a

To install:

    gem install confucious

== Contributing to confucious
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ari Lerner. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

